1.
Brachiosaurus is a sauropod. This means what?
A. It had a long neck
B. It was quadrapedal(walked on all four legs)
C. It was a herbivore
D. All of the above (Correct)

Sauropods were the largest dinosaurs to walk the earth, in both weight and height.

2. 
Brachiosaurus had ___ bones inside of its neck:

A. 10
B. 12	(CORRECT)
C. 14
D. 15

The Brachiosaurus had 12 neck bones, all of which were hollow, but strong. 


3.
True or False; Brachiosaurus was originally thought to live underwater, using its neck to reach food at the sea floor, and its nose on top of its skull to reach above the water to breathe. (TRUE)

Scientists thought underwater living would help support the dinosaur's tremendous weight.

http://dino.lindahall.org/img/bur1m.jpg (picture)
http://dino.lindahall.org/aug1957a.shtml (source)


4.
Some sauropods like Brachiosaurus did what to help with digestion?
A. Wave their tail
B. Slept 18 hours per day
C. Ate rocks (CORRECT) 
D. Roll around on their backs

These stones are known as gastroliths. They were used to help grind up food for dinosaurs which lacked teeth suitable for grinding.

5.
The word "Coprolite" is the scientific term for what?

A. Dinosaur poop (CORRECT)
B. Dinosaur teeth
C. Dinosaur toe nails
D. Dinosaur feathers

Dinosaur poop can be helpful in research, telling scientists if the dinosaur was a herbivore, omnivore, or carnivore, as well as other aspects of the dinosaur's diet. 

6.
Dinosaur means "_____ lizard" in Greek.

A. Giant
B. Terrible (CORRECT)
C. Old
D. Scary

The word Dinosaur means "terrible lizard" in Greek. When the term was coined, "terrible" was used more as a superlative meaning "instilling fear" than today's useage of the term meaning of "really bad".

7.
True or False; The largest dinosaur eggs could be over 10 liters. (TRUE)

the largest dinosaur eggs were roughly 4 liters. That's right, a 60 ton brachiosaurus would start from something that small.

8.
True or False; A single Brachiosaurus would eat over 200lbs of foilage per day. (TRUE)

Its thought that around 260lbs per day would be required to keep a Brachiosaurus going. Their shearing teeth made it easy to crop vegetation.

9.
True or False; Brachiosaurus and all other sauropod dinosaurs were cold-blooded animals. (FALSE)

All sauropods were warm-blooded animals. It was previously thought this was unlikely due to their sheer size, but was later proven to be true. Large air sacs throughout their bodies greatly reduced their density, which in turn helped them with cooling their bodies and making endothermy (warm-bloodedness) a reality for them.

10.
Nigersaurus was a unique sauropod which did what?
A. Stood on its hind legs
B. Ate primarily off of the ground as opposed to trees
C. It had no tail
D. It was lived in the mountains

Nigersaurus had heads which more naturally looked down at the ground as opposed to up or forward. The dinosaur ate nondiscriminately from plants on the ground as if it were a lawn mower as opposed to a tree trimmer. 